Civilizations economics and industrial human resources evolve as the world protocols of lifes process,developedment and growth inheriting the world foundations of theoretical growth and developedmental ethics, 'interpreted, 'through 'the exercise of human meaning and purpose' stamina, inertia , preserverance , patience in unison with the ecological balance of mans re-interpreted life cycles and life systems of world interactive lifeform 'priveledge in man, world and animal, 'collective etiquette' of unified 'Global life society' to define the natural innovation for 'the world foundations' of 'Inclusion' 'socially implimented', anthropic economic revelations and their socially translated identity of mechanology and function within the social culture to abide the ergronomic protocols hieroglyphic hierarchy of world  "Orthogenesis" explicint developedment and growth ecological 'life path' tradjectory of life. with statutory ‘theory , morale and law fullfillment of all mortal creation . Through 'the tools and engineering of life system ecology to meet the worlds vocational service of providence in civilizations anthropic human infrastructure of "Christ Plotter" life building ecological evolution ie. economics, revolution of social anthropic networking (hurcules). 


Custom Build manifests, compliant to the 'conventional' design reasources, of innovations conventional implimentation form 

Four worlds[edit]
Existential thinkers seek to avoid restrictive models that categorize or label people. Instead, they look for the universals that can be observed cross-culturally.[citation needed] There is no existential personality theory which divides humanity into types or reduces people to part components. Instead, there is a description of the different levels of experience and existence with which people are inevitably confronted. The way in which a person is in the world at a particular stage can be charted on this general map of human existence (Binswanger, 1963; Yalom, 1980; van Deurzen, 1984).

In line with the view taken by van Deurzen,[19] one can distinguish four basic dimensions of human existence: the physical, the social, the psychological, and the spiritual.

On each of these dimensions, people encounter the world and shape their attitude out of their particular take on their experience. Their orientation towards the world defines their reality. The four dimensions are interwoven and provide a complex four-dimensional force field for their existence. Individuals are stretched between a positive pole of what they aspire to on each dimension and a negative pole of what they fear. Binswanger proposed the first three of these dimensions from Heidegger's description of Umwelt and Mitwelt and his further notion of Eigenwelt. The fourth dimension was added by van Deurzen from Heidegger's description of a spiritual world (Überwelt) in Heidegger's later work.[19][20]

Physical dimension[edit]
On the physical dimension (Umwelt), individuals relate to their environment and the givens of the natural world around them. This includes their attitude to the body they have, to the concrete surroundings they find themselves in, to the climate and the weather, to objects and material possessions, to the bodies of other people, their own bodily needs, to health and illness and their mortality. The struggle on this dimension is, in general terms, between the search for domination over the elements and natural law (as in technology, or in sports) and the need to accept the limitations of natural boundaries (as in ecology or old age). While people generally aim for security on this dimension (through health and wealth), much of life brings a gradual disillusionment and realization that such security can only be temporary. Recognizing limitations can deliver a significant release of tension.

Social dimension[edit]
On the social dimension (Mitwelt), individuals relate to others as they interact with the public world around them. This dimension includes their response to the culture they live in, as well as to the class and race they belong to (and also those they do not belong to). Attitudes here range from love to hate and from cooperation to competition. The dynamic contradictions can be understood concerning acceptance versus rejection or belonging versus isolation. Some people prefer to withdraw from the world of others as much as possible. Others blindly chase public acceptance by going along with the rules and fashions of the moment. Otherwise, they try to rise above these by becoming trendsetters themselves. By acquiring fame or other forms of power, individuals can attain dominance over others temporarily. Sooner or later, however, everyone is confronted with both failure and aloneness.

Psychological dimension[edit]
On the psychological dimension (Eigenwelt), individuals relate to themselves and in this way create a personal world. This dimension includes views about their character, their past experience and their future possibilities. Contradictions here are often experienced regarding personal strengths and weaknesses. People search for a sense of identity, a feeling of being substantial and having a self.

But inevitably many events will confront them with evidence to the contrary and plunge them into a state of confusion or disintegration. Activity and passivity are an important polarity here. Self-affirmation and resolution go with the former and surrender and yielding with the latter. Facing the final dissolution of self that comes with personal loss and the facing of death might bring anxiety and confusion to many who have not yet given up their sense of self-importance.

Spiritual dimension[edit]
On the spiritual dimension (Überwelt) (van Deurzen, 1984), individuals relate to the unknown and thus create a sense of an ideal world, an ideology, and a philosophical outlook. It is there that they find meaning by putting all the pieces of the puzzle together for themselves. For some people, this is done by adhering to a religion or other prescriptive worldview; for others, it is about discovering or attributing meaning in a more secular or personal way. The contradictions that must be faced on this dimension are often related to the tension between purpose and absurdity, hope and despair. People create their values in search of something that matters enough to live or die for, something that may even have ultimate and universal validity. Usually, the aim is the conquest of a soul or something that will substantially surpass mortality (as in having contributed something valuable to humankind). Facing the void and the possibility of nothingness are the indispensable counterparts of this quest for the eternal.Anthropologyconcept.

Research support[edit]



benovelant social services 'life vocation {special implimentation}

Demographic/domestic Social "enterprise sector" in Enterprise design:
Revolution of new testament : all things controlled under the human purpose 'defined through the mechanology of countanance covenant of the fundemental foundation 'the processes an act  'intellectual affairs' cognitive conciousness, natural equalibrium,  vocations of life hieroglyphic network 'field of human endeavors .overview of the life visions for truth of millenia 'world' enterprise architecture guidance-direction 

Commercial/intuitve engineer of local provisional reasources:




Industrial/allumini prolitariat socia entrepreneur actor ,player , agent  consumed in trend of expanding 'adaptive enterprise ideology'. To identify and belong to binded life likeness to creation dimension  

Our Enterprise ideology :

That man has the tools the potencial will   to be enlightened in the truth of the probable psycological  reality entitlement oportunity priveledge   emotional/intellectual  to co-ordinate the ontology of the creation variable aspects, 'a horizon the world  coveted by the destiny they serve in the horizon aphfedesiac/psuedoscience of the worlds linguistic alfa beta gamma delta logical communication, natural reasources, guidance-technology artifact  ground zero definition of a future design escalated in scale through the horizos dimensional foundation of ontologys built on the protocols of lifeform primary affairs created by Enterprise stewardship ideology grounded civilization principals of life.



Demonstration:  Interpreting the ettiquette of man, natural equalibrium of the covenant 'initiative idea from years in the making, 'revelations' in the making of world logistic methodology', creation engineering to be the tradition of 'enterprise life initiatiives', where we stay to observe  effective efficiency of ecological environmental exercises  and practices of man animal, world to iterate the technological profficient ontology dynamically of the living lifeform as a group theoretical logic lamentation and tennents disect creation enterprise architecture generic/hereditary ideology , 'and the rest for having authentic aphfredesiac/psuedoscience nucleotide manifestation of enterprise monoghamy and vocation of covenant dual image world prodigy ; diversity , law ,order ,principal ,all connected aphfredesiac of creation elements relative to the biological binary  of creations anatomic  universe, 'emotional/intellectual horizontal ideology umbilical anology of christ.